well Justin just talking about
committing Auburn today how's that feel
what uh what was it about alternate made
a difference for you I guess it is all
about the family I feel like those guys
I'm petitioning to poop off their own
and off here I can trust our guys did
that visit last weekend it seems like
Auburn was kind of ended up in the in
the top five and then that visit seemed
like that changed everything what about
that weekend visit put all but in a new
life for you this is get a chance to
rock on the campus good to see what we
already have to offer no definite see
another graduation how people just take
on campus are so peaceful don't ask all
our gear and for placement bills not
committed or is that too kind of special
to be going in with a group like that
yes sir now a special class you know
hopefully number one and go in put in
work and winter that's a chance to talk
about your relationship with Damian cray
what role he play these are completed up
and everything right right now he's on
facebook same e-mail house my tendulkar
and all conversation well here's
somebody gonna following them no just
like the electro father figure he's all
chicks on me every day that's all on
fear how do you see yourself fitting in
to the defense now what do they tell you
how do you fit a famous in Phoenix can
do it you know they want to play deep
anything
how the fuck is change pass-rushing
that's what I feel fucking in there
Justin Wednesday sort of meeting you and
your family means a lot I know I'm in
the mall cop that's my mother's day
pretty special for her why she was not
to commit now as opposed to Lake nothing
what the fuck more migraine you know
just focus on my brains and contribute
this my last shit to my team when we
talk to trade other day he had made its
decision maybe a week or so ago when did
you actually decide and kind of had it
without making a decision was final
things okay last week in this till they
should
with how to coaches
my family so you had to keep it kind of
quiet for weekend yes sir are you firm
in your decision do you feel like the
discuss stick yes sir you feel like you
still might take a few other visits come
right lunge walked over my grave right
now they played all right I think but I
know I was got a lot of senior defensive
ends just talked about the opportunity
to come into play pretty early there is
a man make a big contribution to 17
harvest are put in the work started work
you can say this is like a whole day
year decisions not a forward your
decision how big is that with no tray
and desean and Josh gasser growing up
with you all you guys together out
orders at least I know when I go there
are no people are no they put their
whatever have a long spear with me no it
means a lot what it means you this but
those guys be here that means a lot
every batch mind i see it goes a big fam
and it comes of course